sex
age
race
juv_fel_count
juv_misd_count
juv_other_count
priors_count
age_cat=25 - 45
age_cat=Greater than 45
age_cat=Less than 25
c_charge_degree=F
c_charge_degree=M
c_charge_desc=Abuse Without Great Harm
c_charge_desc=Agg Abuse Elderlly/Disabled Adult
c_charge_desc=Agg Assault W/int Com Fel Dome
c_charge_desc=Agg Battery Grt/Bod/Harm
c_charge_desc=Agg Fleeing and Eluding
c_charge_desc=Agg Fleeing/Eluding High Speed
c_charge_desc=Aggr Child Abuse-Torture,Punish
c_charge_desc=Aggrav Battery w/Deadly Weapon
c_charge_desc=Aggrav Child Abuse-Agg Battery
c_charge_desc=Aggrav Child Abuse-Causes Harm
c_charge_desc=Aggrav Stalking After Injunctn
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Assault
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Assault W/Dead Weap
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Assault W/dead Weap
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Assault W/o Firearm
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Assault w/Firearm
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Battery
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Battery (Firearm)
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Battery (Firearm/Actual Possession)
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Battery / Pregnant
c_charge_desc=Aggravated Battery On 65/Older
c_charge_desc=Aide/Abet Prostitution Lewdness
c_charge_desc=Aiding Escape
c_charge_desc=Alcoholic Beverage Violation-FL
c_charge_desc=Armed Trafficking in Cannabis
c_charge_desc=Arson in the First Degree
c_charge_desc=Assault
c_charge_desc=Assault Law Enforcement Officer
c_charge_desc=Att Burgl Conv Occp
c_charge_desc=Att Burgl Struc/Conv Dwel/Occp
c_charge_desc=Att Burgl Unoccupied Dwel
c_charge_desc=Att Tamper w/Physical Evidence
c_charge_desc=Attempt Armed Burglary Dwell
c_charge_desc=Attempted Burg/Convey/Unocc
c_charge_desc=Attempted Burg/struct/unocc
c_charge_desc=Attempted Deliv Control Subst
c_charge_desc=Attempted Robbery  No Weapon
c_charge_desc=Attempted Robbery  Weapon
c_charge_desc=Battery
c_charge_desc=Battery Emergency Care Provide
c_charge_desc=Battery On A Person Over 65
c_charge_desc=Battery On Fire Fighter
c_charge_desc=Battery On Parking Enfor Speci
c_charge_desc=Battery Spouse Or Girlfriend
c_charge_desc=Battery on Law Enforc Officer
c_charge_desc=Battery on a Person Over 65
c_charge_desc=Bribery Athletic Contests
c_charge_desc=Burgl Dwel/Struct/Convey Armed
c_charge_desc=Burglary Assault/Battery Armed
c_charge_desc=Burglary Conveyance Armed
c_charge_desc=Burglary Conveyance Assault/Bat
c_charge_desc=Burglary Conveyance Occupied
c_charge_desc=Burglary Conveyance Unoccup
c_charge_desc=Burglary Dwelling Armed
c_charge_desc=Burglary Dwelling Assault/Batt
c_charge_desc=Burglary Dwelling Occupied
c_charge_desc=Burglary Structure Assault/Batt
c_charge_desc=Burglary Structure Occupied
c_charge_desc=Burglary Structure Unoccup
c_charge_desc=Burglary Unoccupied Dwelling
c_charge_desc=Burglary With Assault/battery
c_charge_desc=Carjacking w/o Deadly Weapon
c_charge_desc=Carjacking with a Firearm
c_charge_desc=Carry Open/Uncov Bev In Pub
c_charge_desc=Carrying A Concealed Weapon
c_charge_desc=Carrying Concealed Firearm
c_charge_desc=Cash Item w/Intent to Defraud
c_charge_desc=Child Abuse
c_charge_desc=Computer Pornography
c_charge_desc=Consp Traff Oxycodone  4g><14g
c_charge_desc=Conspiracy Dealing Stolen Prop
c_charge_desc=Consume Alcoholic Bev Pub
c_charge_desc=Contradict Statement
c_charge_desc=Contribute Delinquency Of A Minor
c_charge_desc=Corrupt Public Servant
c_charge_desc=Counterfeit Lic Plates/Sticker
c_charge_desc=Crim Attempt/Solic/Consp
c_charge_desc=Crim Use of Personal ID Info
c_charge_desc=Crimin Mischief Damage $1000+
c_charge_desc=Criminal Mischief
c_charge_desc=Criminal Mischief Damage <$200
c_charge_desc=Criminal Mischief>$200<$1000
c_charge_desc=Crlty Twrd Child Urge Oth Act
c_charge_desc=Cruelty Toward Child
c_charge_desc=Cruelty to Animals
c_charge_desc=Culpable Negligence
c_charge_desc=D.U.I. Serious Bodily Injury
c_charge_desc=DOC/Cause Public Danger
c_charge_desc=DUI - Enhanced
c_charge_desc=DUI - Property Damage/Personal Injury
c_charge_desc=DUI Blood Alcohol Above 0.20
c_charge_desc=DUI Level 0.15 Or Minor In Veh
c_charge_desc=DUI Property Damage/Injury
c_charge_desc=DUI- Enhanced
c_charge_desc=DUI/Property Damage/Persnl Inj
c_charge_desc=DWI w/Inj Susp Lic / Habit Off
c_charge_desc=DWLS Canceled Disqul 1st Off
c_charge_desc=DWLS Susp/Cancel Revoked
c_charge_desc=Dealing in Stolen Property
c_charge_desc=Defrauding Innkeeper
c_charge_desc=Defrauding Innkeeper $300/More
c_charge_desc=Del 3,4 Methylenedioxymethcath
c_charge_desc=Del Cannabis At/Near Park
c_charge_desc=Del Cannabis For Consideration
c_charge_desc=Del of JWH-250 2-Methox 1-Pentyl
c_charge_desc=Deliver 3,4 Methylenediox
c_charge_desc=Deliver Alprazolam
c_charge_desc=Deliver Cannabis
c_charge_desc=Deliver Cannabis 1000FTSch
c_charge_desc=Deliver Cocaine
c_charge_desc=Deliver Cocaine 1000FT Church
c_charge_desc=Deliver Cocaine 1000FT Park
c_charge_desc=Deliver Cocaine 1000FT School
c_charge_desc=Deliver Cocaine 1000FT Store
c_charge_desc=Delivery Of Drug Paraphernalia
c_charge_desc=Delivery of 5-Fluoro PB-22
c_charge_desc=Delivery of Heroin
c_charge_desc=Depriv LEO of Protect/Communic
c_charge_desc=Disorderly Conduct
c_charge_desc=Disorderly Intoxication
c_charge_desc=Disrupting School Function
c_charge_desc=Drivg While Lic Suspd/Revk/Can
c_charge_desc=Driving License Suspended
c_charge_desc=Driving Under The Influence
c_charge_desc=Driving While License Revoked
c_charge_desc=Escape
c_charge_desc=Exhibition Weapon School Prop
c_charge_desc=Expired DL More Than 6 Months
c_charge_desc=Exposes Culpable Negligence
c_charge_desc=Extradition/Defendants
c_charge_desc=Fabricating Physical Evidence
c_charge_desc=Fail Register Vehicle
c_charge_desc=Fail Sex Offend Report Bylaw
c_charge_desc=Fail To Obey Police Officer
c_charge_desc=Fail To Redeliv Hire/Leas Prop
c_charge_desc=Failure To Pay Taxi Cab Charge
c_charge_desc=Failure To Return Hired Vehicle
c_charge_desc=False 911 Call
c_charge_desc=False Bomb Report
c_charge_desc=False Imprisonment
c_charge_desc=False Info LEO During Invest
c_charge_desc=False Motor Veh Insurance Card
c_charge_desc=False Name By Person Arrest
c_charge_desc=False Ownership Info/Pawn Item
c_charge_desc=Falsely Impersonating Officer
c_charge_desc=Fel Drive License Perm Revoke
c_charge_desc=Felon in Pos of Firearm or Amm
c_charge_desc=Felony Batt(Great Bodily Harm)
c_charge_desc=Felony Battery
c_charge_desc=Felony Battery (Dom Strang)
c_charge_desc=Felony Battery w/Prior Convict
c_charge_desc=Felony Committing Prostitution
c_charge_desc=Felony DUI (level 3)
c_charge_desc=Felony DUI - Enhanced
c_charge_desc=Felony Driving While Lic Suspd
c_charge_desc=Felony Petit Theft
c_charge_desc=Felony/Driving Under Influence
c_charge_desc=Fighting/Baiting Animals
c_charge_desc=Fleeing Or Attmp Eluding A Leo
c_charge_desc=Fleeing or Eluding a LEO
c_charge_desc=Forging Bank Bills/Promis Note
c_charge_desc=Fraudulent Use of Credit Card
c_charge_desc=Grand Theft (Motor Vehicle)
c_charge_desc=Grand Theft Dwell Property
c_charge_desc=Grand Theft Firearm
c_charge_desc=Grand Theft in the 1st Degree
c_charge_desc=Grand Theft in the 3rd Degree
c_charge_desc=Grand Theft of a Fire Extinquisher
c_charge_desc=Grand Theft of the 2nd Degree
c_charge_desc=Grand Theft on 65 Yr or Older
c_charge_desc=Harass Witness/Victm/Informnt
c_charge_desc=Harm Public Servant Or Family
c_charge_desc=Hiring with Intent to Defraud
c_charge_desc=Imperson Public Officer or Emplyee
c_charge_desc=Interfere W/Traf Cont Dev RR
c_charge_desc=Interference with Custody
c_charge_desc=Intoxicated/Safety Of Another
c_charge_desc=Introduce Contraband Into Jail
c_charge_desc=Issuing a Worthless Draft
c_charge_desc=Kidnapping / Domestic Violence
c_charge_desc=Lease For Purpose Trafficking
c_charge_desc=Leave Acc/Attend Veh/More $50
c_charge_desc=Leave Accd/Attend Veh/Less $50
c_charge_desc=Leaving Acc/Unattended Veh
c_charge_desc=Leaving the Scene of Accident
c_charge_desc=Lewd Act Presence Child 16-
c_charge_desc=Lewd or Lascivious Molestation
c_charge_desc=Lewd/Lasc Battery Pers 12+/<16
c_charge_desc=Lewd/Lasc Exhib Presence <16yr
c_charge_desc=Lewd/Lasciv Molest Elder Persn
c_charge_desc=Lewdness Violation
c_charge_desc=License Suspended Revoked
c_charge_desc=Littering
c_charge_desc=Live on Earnings of Prostitute
c_charge_desc=Lve/Scen/Acc/Veh/Prop/Damage
c_charge_desc=Manage Busn W/O City Occup Lic
c_charge_desc=Manslaughter W/Weapon/Firearm
c_charge_desc=Manufacture Cannabis
c_charge_desc=Misuse Of 911 Or E911 System
c_charge_desc=Money Launder 100K or More Dols
c_charge_desc=Murder In 2nd Degree W/firearm
c_charge_desc=Murder in the First Degree
c_charge_desc=Neglect Child / Bodily Harm
c_charge_desc=Neglect Child / No Bodily Harm
c_charge_desc=Neglect/Abuse Elderly Person
c_charge_desc=Obstruct Fire Equipment
c_charge_desc=Obstruct Officer W/Violence
c_charge_desc=Obtain Control Substance By Fraud
c_charge_desc=Offer Agree Secure For Lewd Act
c_charge_desc=Offer Agree Secure/Lewd Act
c_charge_desc=Offn Against Intellectual Prop
c_charge_desc=Open Carrying Of Weapon
c_charge_desc=Oper Motorcycle W/O Valid DL
c_charge_desc=Operating W/O Valid License
c_charge_desc=Opert With Susp DL 2nd Offens
c_charge_desc=PL/Unlaw Use Credit Card
c_charge_desc=Petit Theft
c_charge_desc=Petit Theft $100- $300
c_charge_desc=Pos Cannabis For Consideration
c_charge_desc=Pos Cannabis W/Intent Sel/Del
c_charge_desc=Pos Methylenedioxymethcath W/I/D/S
c_charge_desc=Poss 3,4 MDMA (Ecstasy)
c_charge_desc=Poss Alprazolam W/int Sell/Del
c_charge_desc=Poss Anti-Shoplifting Device
c_charge_desc=Poss Cntrft Contr Sub w/Intent
c_charge_desc=Poss Cocaine/Intent To Del/Sel
c_charge_desc=Poss Contr Subst W/o Prescript
c_charge_desc=Poss Counterfeit Payment Inst
c_charge_desc=Poss Drugs W/O A Prescription
c_charge_desc=Poss F/Arm Delinq
c_charge_desc=Poss Firearm W/Altered ID#
c_charge_desc=Poss Meth/Diox/Meth/Amp (MDMA)
c_charge_desc=Poss Of 1,4-Butanediol
c_charge_desc=Poss Of Controlled Substance
c_charge_desc=Poss Of RX Without RX
c_charge_desc=Poss Oxycodone W/Int/Sell/Del
c_charge_desc=Poss Pyrrolidinobutiophenone
c_charge_desc=Poss Pyrrolidinovalerophenone
c_charge_desc=Poss Pyrrolidinovalerophenone W/I/D/S
c_charge_desc=Poss Similitude of Drivers Lic
c_charge_desc=Poss Tetrahydrocannabinols
c_charge_desc=Poss Unlaw Issue Driver Licenc
c_charge_desc=Poss Unlaw Issue Id
c_charge_desc=Poss Wep Conv Felon
c_charge_desc=Poss of Cocaine W/I/D/S 1000FT Park
c_charge_desc=Poss of Firearm by Convic Felo
c_charge_desc=Poss of Methylethcathinone
c_charge_desc=Poss/Sell/Del Cocaine 1000FT Sch
c_charge_desc=Poss/Sell/Del/Man Amobarbital
c_charge_desc=Poss/pur/sell/deliver Cocaine
c_charge_desc=Poss3,4 Methylenedioxymethcath
c_charge_desc=Posses/Disply Susp/Revk/Frd DL
c_charge_desc=Possess Cannabis 1000FTSch
c_charge_desc=Possess Cannabis/20 Grams Or Less
c_charge_desc=Possess Controlled Substance
c_charge_desc=Possess Countrfeit Credit Card
c_charge_desc=Possess Drug Paraphernalia
c_charge_desc=Possess Mot Veh W/Alt Vin #
c_charge_desc=Possess Tobacco Product Under 18
c_charge_desc=Possess Weapon On School Prop
c_charge_desc=Possess w/I/Utter Forged Bills
c_charge_desc=Possession Burglary Tools
c_charge_desc=Possession Child Pornography
c_charge_desc=Possession Firearm School Prop
c_charge_desc=Possession Of 3,4Methylenediox
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Alprazolam
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Amphetamine
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Anabolic Steroid
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Buprenorphine
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Carisoprodol
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Clonazepam
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Cocaine
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Diazepam
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Fentanyl
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Heroin
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Methamphetamine
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Paraphernalia
c_charge_desc=Possession Of Phentermine
c_charge_desc=Possession of Alcohol Under 21
c_charge_desc=Possession of Benzylpiperazine
c_charge_desc=Possession of Butylone
c_charge_desc=Possession of Cannabis
c_charge_desc=Possession of Cocaine
c_charge_desc=Possession of Codeine
c_charge_desc=Possession of Ethylone
c_charge_desc=Possession of Hydrocodone
c_charge_desc=Possession of Hydromorphone
c_charge_desc=Possession of LSD
c_charge_desc=Possession of Methadone
c_charge_desc=Possession of Morphine
c_charge_desc=Possession of Oxycodone
c_charge_desc=Possession of XLR11
c_charge_desc=Principal In The First Degree
c_charge_desc=Prostitution
c_charge_desc=Prostitution/Lewd Act Assignation
c_charge_desc=Prostitution/Lewdness/Assign
c_charge_desc=Prowling/Loitering
c_charge_desc=Purchase Cannabis
c_charge_desc=Purchase/P/W/Int Cannabis
c_charge_desc=Reckless Driving
c_charge_desc=Refuse Submit Blood/Breath Test
c_charge_desc=Refuse to Supply DNA Sample
c_charge_desc=Resist Officer w/Violence
c_charge_desc=Resist/Obstruct W/O Violence
c_charge_desc=Retail Theft $300 1st Offense
c_charge_desc=Retail Theft $300 2nd Offense
c_charge_desc=Ride Tri-Rail Without Paying
c_charge_desc=Robbery / No Weapon
c_charge_desc=Robbery / Weapon
c_charge_desc=Robbery Sudd Snatch No Weapon
c_charge_desc=Robbery W/Deadly Weapon
c_charge_desc=Robbery W/Firearm
c_charge_desc=Sale/Del Cannabis At/Near Scho
c_charge_desc=Sale/Del Counterfeit Cont Subs
c_charge_desc=Sel/Pur/Mfr/Del Control Substa
c_charge_desc=Sell or Offer for Sale Counterfeit Goods
c_charge_desc=Sell/Man/Del Pos/w/int Heroin
c_charge_desc=Sex Batt Faml/Cust Vict 12-17Y
c_charge_desc=Sex Battery Deft 18+/Vict 11-
c_charge_desc=Sex Offender Fail Comply W/Law
c_charge_desc=Sexual Battery / Vict 12 Yrs +
c_charge_desc=Sexual Performance by a Child
c_charge_desc=Shoot In Occupied Dwell
c_charge_desc=Shoot Into Vehicle
c_charge_desc=Simulation of Legal Process
c_charge_desc=Solic to Commit Battery
c_charge_desc=Solicit Deliver Cocaine
c_charge_desc=Solicit Purchase Cocaine
c_charge_desc=Solicit To Deliver Cocaine
c_charge_desc=Solicitation On Felony 3 Deg
c_charge_desc=Soliciting For Prostitution
c_charge_desc=Sound Articles Over 100
c_charge_desc=Stalking
c_charge_desc=Stalking (Aggravated)
c_charge_desc=Strong Armed  Robbery
c_charge_desc=Structuring Transactions
c_charge_desc=Susp Drivers Lic 1st Offense
c_charge_desc=Tamper With Victim
c_charge_desc=Tamper With Witness
c_charge_desc=Tamper With Witness/Victim/CI
c_charge_desc=Tampering With Physical Evidence
c_charge_desc=Tampering with a Victim
c_charge_desc=Theft/To Deprive
c_charge_desc=Threat Public Servant
c_charge_desc=Throw Deadly Missile Into Veh
c_charge_desc=Throw In Occupied Dwell
c_charge_desc=Throw Missile Into Pub/Priv Dw
c_charge_desc=Traff In Cocaine <400g>150 Kil
c_charge_desc=Traffic Counterfeit Cred Cards
c_charge_desc=Traffick Amphetamine 28g><200g
c_charge_desc=Traffick Oxycodone     4g><14g
c_charge_desc=Trans/Harm/Material to a Minor
c_charge_desc=Trespass On School Grounds
c_charge_desc=Trespass Other Struct/Conve
c_charge_desc=Trespass Private Property
c_charge_desc=Trespass Property w/Dang Weap
c_charge_desc=Trespass Struct/Conveyance
c_charge_desc=Trespass Structure w/Dang Weap
c_charge_desc=Trespass Structure/Conveyance
c_charge_desc=Trespassing/Construction Site
c_charge_desc=Tresspass Struct/Conveyance
c_charge_desc=Tresspass in Structure or Conveyance
c_charge_desc=Unauth C/P/S Sounds>1000/Audio
c_charge_desc=Unauth Poss ID Card or DL
c_charge_desc=Unauthorized Interf w/Railroad
c_charge_desc=Unl/Disturb Education/Instui
c_charge_desc=Unlaw Lic Use/Disply Of Others
c_charge_desc=Unlaw LicTag/Sticker Attach
c_charge_desc=Unlaw Use False Name/Identity
c_charge_desc=Unlawful Conveyance of Fuel
c_charge_desc=Unlicensed Telemarketing
c_charge_desc=Use Computer for Child Exploit
c_charge_desc=Use Of 2 Way Device To Fac Fel
c_charge_desc=Use Scanning Device to Defraud
c_charge_desc=Use of Anti-Shoplifting Device
c_charge_desc=Uttering Forged Bills
c_charge_desc=Uttering Forged Credit Card
c_charge_desc=Uttering Worthless Check +$150
c_charge_desc=Uttering a Forged Instrument
c_charge_desc=Video Voyeur-<24Y on Child >16
c_charge_desc=Viol Injunct Domestic Violence
c_charge_desc=Viol Injunction Protect Dom Vi
c_charge_desc=Viol Pretrial Release Dom Viol
c_charge_desc=Viol Prot Injunc Repeat Viol
c_charge_desc=Violation License Restrictions
c_charge_desc=Violation Of Boater Safety Id
c_charge_desc=Violation of Injunction Order/Stalking/Cyberstalking
c_charge_desc=Voyeurism
c_charge_desc=arrest case no charge
probability
